#!/bin/sh

service virt-who stop
service udev-post stop
service sysstat stop
service rsyslog stop
service rpcidmapd stop
service rpcgssd stop
service rpcbind stop
service rhsmcertd stop
service rhnsd stop
service qpidd stop
service postfix stop
service portreserve stop
service pcsfs stop
service pcs-mdsd stop
service pcs-csd stop
service nfslock stop
service netfs stop
service messagebus stop
service mdmonitor stop
service lvm2-monitor force-stop
service libvirtd stop
service libvirt-guests stop 
service libvirt-guests stop
service ksmtuned stop
service ksm stop
service iscsid stop
service iscsi stop
service irqbalance stop
service iptables stop
service ip6tables stop
service haldaemon stop
service cups stop
service crond stop
service cpuspeed stop
service cgconfig stop
service bluetooth stop
service avahi-daemon stop
service autofs stop
service auditd stop
service atd stop
service acpid stop
service abrtd stop
service abrt-oops stop
service abrt-ccpp stop

